Well,
Wookie would like to welcome you to the
Ocean Studio.
Here we're going to resume our
presentation of the Tenth Mizmowr,
that of Dowd.
And we're going to pick it up with
the third statement.
It's a beautiful day, of course,
here above the Caribbean Sea.
As a program note,
we're going to go from here in a
matter of a couple of hours and going
to do another blog on the vlog,
or I guess it is a vlog on
the vlog.
I'll get it correct.
A vlog on the blog.
Those of you who have seen this before
are in for a bit of a treat
and that we now have an elongated version
of Wookie's introduction,
and it's a hoot.
So for that alone,
it's going to be great.
And then we have a lot of posts
that have already been set up.
So we're ready with plenty of material to
discuss in that program.
And then our hope is towards the end
of the day to return to the library
studio and do another session on the last
word picture.
so that we can make progress with the
Dowd's declarative statements in the
hundred and sixteenth Mizmowr,
where he comes around and restores his
relationship with Yahowah and embraces his
destiny as the one who will fulfill
Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym.
It's an amazing experience.
That program is ultimately going to lead
to where I am now,
which is in the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
the last time that I think I'll ever
present it.
But I'm making a very comprehensive effort
to present the Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr now,
as I know it was written and intended,
foredoed for the purpose of bringing him
back into a relationship with Yahowah and
then announcing
that declaratively, affirmatively,
profoundly to the world through this
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
written in collaboration with the Yahowah by
Eythan Ha Ezrachy, who we will,
Examine everything that can be known about
this individual.
I think you'll be amazed by what we
can learn from him.
And right now,
I'm just delaying getting back to that
topic because I've been waylaid these last
three days pursuing something that I
really never thought through because I...
I simply took Eythan Ha Ezrachy's name to be
conveying meaning as opposed to actually
being an identifiable person.
And while that name does have considerable
meaning,
he really is an identifiable person.
And I had thought that it was God...
message to the world about Dowd written
four years after Dowd's first of three
lives concluded and therefore as a very
strong commemoration of what it uh i'm
going to push this off to the side
here somehow so that we don't have Wookie
knocking it onto the uh the ground okay
if Wookie were to lay over that would
have that would have fallen and go bang
um
And what I found out that it wasn't
delivered four years after the end of
Dowd's fourth life, sorry
or end first of three lives.
And it was actually delivered at least
four years before the first of Dowd's three
lives concluded to restore Dowd's
relationship with the Yahowah.
And that's profoundly different.
Yes, it may only be four.
eight years separating the two,
but it's profoundly different.
And the narrator,
the person who wrote this
Mizmowr in collaboration with the Yahowah turns
out not to be a
a meaningless character.
He is very much involved in the story.
And by the time we get to the,
I think it's the ninth and tenth verses
or the eighth and ninth,
he is making a really
curious statement about one who rises up
from the sea and is agitating as if
uh stones in the waves uh that is
extolled and lauded by Yahowah for his work
um not only in the then through the
Mashal which we're going to find some very
interesting insights regarding them as
well
but that he is responsible for taking down
the most adversarial of all characters.
And it's this individual known as Rahab.
And it's funny because, of course,
Leah just did a post about Rahab that
I never shared just because it didn't seem
like it was advancing our story at the
moment.
And
It's a very different Rahab.
Her Rahab that she shared with everyone is
about the prostitute that lived in Jericho
that befriended the Israelites when they
sent spies into Jericho before it was
brought down.
And this Rahab...
has nothing in common with the other.
So it's just an interesting analysis to
track down the three,
very interesting prophetic declarations of
Rahab and as you might expect uh the
man who wrote the textbook on how to
uh Choter uh wrote two of the three
of them and the third happens to be
written by a contemporary of um of Dowd
this would be the sons of uh of
uh Korab and
They're really an interesting lot,
and it's a real challenging piece that
they wrote to unravel.
So I've been there for three days so
far, digging myself in deeper and deeper,
because it was obviously exceedingly
important to Eythan Ha Ezrachy.
to mention the role that Yahowah's Zarowa,
he says it's Yahowah Zarowa that is doing
this,
this man who rises up to agitate from
the sea as he draws word pictures to
take down this terrible disease of this
adversary.
And so I think it's important.
And I don't want to...
gloss over it to this time.
I want us to garner every facet of
light that we can from what I think
is the single most important piece of
literature ever written,
the Eighty-Ninth Mashal (Mizmowr).
And so we shall.
So that is where I have been.
We're having a great time with it.
We're also making progress.
on additions to the website.
So I'm thrilled with that.
That website is really developing
beautifully.
We'll talk about it again during the vlog
on the blog as well,
because I have a post presenting it and
the things that we'll be adding to it
over this next week or so.
So thank you for dialing in.
We're going to continue now with the
Mizmowr
Is that all right with you, Wookie?
Okay, here we go.
Indeed, the dishonest and fraudulent,
the inappropriately slanderous and
insanely boastful, the arrogant one,
making a fool of himself,
those who mock and ridicule based upon
words
what his soul desires based upon their own
covetousness and cravings and longings,
and the one who wrongfully severs the
relationship and inspires violence for
ill-gotten gain, the "batsa",
the one who accomplishes his mission
through brutal and hostile aggression,
born out of covetousness, dishonest,
and immoral, contends,
pretending to be a blessing,
pretending to offer blessings while
advocating that which is abhorred and
condemned,
despised and rejected by Yahowah.
This is Mizmowr
Lyrics to Sing, Psalm Ten-Three.
So honestly,
it's hard to to read something this
irritating to our God.
It's painful knowing that Yahowah's chosen
ones,
the recipients of his generous offer and
bountiful blessings, well,
that they turned against him to
deliberately discredit Yahowah,
erasing his name,
creating a religion in opposition to the
covenant relationship.
It's really heinous what rabbinical
Judaism has done.
And I think it's the single greatest
betrayal ever perpetrated against the
Creator.
And the reason I think it's the worst,
and not Christianity or Islam,
is without Judaism,
there would be no Christianity or Islam.
I've made it very clear that the only
reason that
Islam exists today as a religion is
because we find that rabbis used Talmud
citations as something to sell Muhammad,
which he then attributed to Allah after
perverting them to give his Quran a sense
of religiosity that it would otherwise
lack.
We wouldn't know anything about Islam as a
religion or the Quran as a book had
the rabbis not done that.
And Christianity would not exist had those
who had a responsibility of maintaining
and sharing Yahowah's testimony.
Had they just done their responsibility
when Paul came out in fifty two C.E.
claim that there was this mythical Jesus
Christ fellow and that he was the one
who was crucified.
They just should have said that's utterly
absurd.
The Messiah is Dowd/David, according to God,
and God's in a position to make that
decision.
The chosen one is Dowd/David.
Son of God is Dowd and Dowd is
the one who said he would be crucified
this year in thirty three C.E.
So you're making all of this up.
Just go away.
It's you're embarrassing yourself and
everyone else.
But they didn't say those things, though.
Instead,
they perpetrated a false messiah of their
own to challenge the false messiah of
Christianity.
And so clearly the the greatest disaster
for the Jewish people.
is Judaism.
I mean,
I saw a post earlier today that was
talking about, you know,
when when you embrace and you convert to
Judaism,
you're not just choosing a religion.
You're choosing to be part of the Jewish
people.
No.
Judaism is a religion,
a horrid religion from God's point of
view,
the greatest betrayal ever of his people.
And being Jewish means that you are a
descendant of Jacob through Yahuwd.
And so you are a Yahuwd.
That's your ethnicity,
not your religiosity.
So in this we have...
God's people antagonizing their creator as
they have done to this day.
There's really nothing more anti-Yahowah
than Judaism.
And there has never been a clear choice
between right and wrong, truth and lies,
light and darkness, life and death,
a relationship or religion,
God versus man than there is in the
choice between
the Towrah, the Prophets, and the Psalms,
and the Talmud, the Mishnah,
and the Zohar.
This statement applies to Paul, to Akiba,
and to Muhammad.
They were wrong, and they knew it,
making them frauds.
All three fathered religions.
Each was insanely arrogant,
and each improperly slandered Yahowah.
All three did so to satiate their immoral
personal desires.
Individually and collectively,
they inspired horrific violence against
God's people.
And two of the three,
Muhammad excluded here because he knew
nothing of it,
severed their most important relationship
in the universe,
the covenant between Yah and his people.
In their writings, again,
excluding the illiterate Muhammad,
we find them consistently advocating the
very things that Yahowah abhors and that he
condemns.
It matters not if you are a Jew,
a Gentile.
In this case,
to engage in a relationship with Yahowah,
you must first disassociate from the likes
of Paul, Akiba, and Muhammad.
They were wrong.
Their arrogance is worthy of condemnation,
not acceptance, devotion, or praise.
Walk away from them and everything that
they have poisoned.
So this is a referendum on life and
more the alternative death.
So as a concerned father,
our God is continuing to expose and
condemn the father of lies and the son
of evil.
And that would be Sha'uwl Paul,
who conceived Jesus Christ,
the religion of Christianity,
authored the first fourteen books of the
Christian New Testament,
and for whom the first two Gospels,
Mark and Luke, were written.
to commemorate as well as the book of
Acts.
So it reads,
the deceitful one who is wrong,
the fraudulent, wicked, and evil one,
the one guilty of leading others astray by
engaging in religious activity,
which is hostile to God,
the dishonest one regarding the proper
standard opposite of what is right,
the one who is opposed to the Towrah
and who speaks contrary to it,
who is vexing and unethical,
as if in a lofty position,
exalts and glorifies and arrogance
inappropriately elevates his stature and
worth.
Remember how Paul claimed,
I'm an apostle of God.
I'm representing God.
I'm the one lone voice of God to
the entire world.
Well, that would be pretty arrogant,
wouldn't it?
Of his resentment and his animosity,
you can't be more against the Towrah than
was Paul.
Paul absolutely besmirched the Towrah,
called it pornography,
called it enslavement.
He said the whole purpose of his imaginary
Jesus was to snatch people away from the
Towrah.
So, yeah, you can't be much more...
anti-Towrah and have more animosity towards
Yahowah than did Paul,
the author of the Christian religion.
It says he will never seek after or
inquire about him.
That him would be Yahowah.
All of his decisions,
his schemes and thoughts contradict and
negate God.
There are lots of false prophets over time
that wrote many things that are untrue,
but
None had the audacity to rob Yahowah's
beloved son, Dowd, of his titles.
Son of God, Messiah, Savior, Chosen One,
and Returning King.
None had the audacity to negate the Towrah
while claiming to speak for God.
None had the audacity to create a new
religion contrary to God while claiming to
be God's apostle to the world.
Also,
while acknowledging that they were
demon-possessed.
But all of that is true with Paul.
He created the most anti-Jewish religion
in the history of humanity,
the religion that led
to the pogroms, to the shuttles,
to the Holocaust,
the religion that dehumanized and
demonized Jews for killing the Christian
God.
It is exceedingly appalling what Paul did
and the consequence of it.
So, well...
Resentment lies at the heart of not only
Paul's,
but also Akiba's and Muhammad's
motivations.
Foolishly, indeed arrogantly,
they did decide to make God pay for
their perceived slights.
Paul was just the worst of them.
He was a failed rabbi.
Muhammad was a deadly marauder,
and Akiba was a failed revolutionary.
As for the...
Key actor that inspired them,
Halal ben Shachar was his name,
the brightly shining sun of darkness,
the one more commonly known as ha-Satan,
the adversary, Satan.
resented Yahowah's devotion to humankind.
Resentment is the underlying motivation
for most of mankind's most heinous and
selfish endeavors.
And as a modern exemplar will consider
Adolf Hitler,
his resentment grew out of blaming others
for his failure to gain admittance to art
school,
his frustration
with not achieving the fame that he sought
as a courier in World War I.
His inability to accept the consequence of
Germany losing that war,
out of which a resentment for Jews grew
because they were smarter,
more supportive of one another,
and more successful than him.
So one man's festering resentments led to
the loss of fifty million lives,
and yet Hitler was a piker compared to
Paul, Akiba,
or Muhammad in terms of the cost of
human souls,
and all of them will pale in comparison
to Satan's current incarnation.
That would be Donald J. Trump.
He is the one who is the great
betrayer,
the Towrahless one of whom the prophets
spoke,
and he will cause the death of more
people.
and do more damage than all of these
others combined.
Now, such men, they speak for themselves,
not God.
In fact,
they typically model their gods after
themselves in Paul's letters.
It is only Paul's words that matter.
He never once speaks for the Jesus Christ
that he invented, never once quotes him,
not once.
He doesn't even quote Yahowah accurately
and never mentions Yahowah's name,
not once.
So when gods appear,
they are always misappropriated.
They're always twisted to serve Paul's
agenda, misquoted,
making his most important voice in
Christianity, Paul's.
As for Muhammad, Allah was his alter ego.
The man and his God were
indistinguishable.
In Judaism,
the Talmud is now called Towrah,
and its citations always delineate the
contributing rabbi's name,
while Yahowah's name is never mentioned.
Such men are not confident,
but instead conceited,
more paranoid and diabolical than worthy.
Even when one is supremely enabling and
the other corrosive and debilitating,
the distinction between confidence and
conceit is lost on most people,
while God cherishes one and disdains the
other.
Yahowah, with his overwhelming presence,
his enormous personality,
his grand agenda, well,
he isn't for the timid.
You better be comfortable around
personality of such magnitude.
Because if you're not,
you'll be so intimidated.
You'll be just like the Jews were during
the Exodus.
You know, shut up, go away.
We never want to hear from you or
see you again.
You scare us to death.
So it takes a person very comfortable in
their own skin to cozy up to Yahowah.
and he just cannot tolerate the arrogant.
And from the scope of his Towrah to
the breadth of his prophets,
everything with God is supersized well
beyond the mightiest of empires.
Therefore,
to approach him and to work with him
as one would with their father, in fact,
well,
knowing that the fulfillment of his agenda
and the fate of his people are on
the line, well,
it requires a character forged in fire.
Yes, God does all the heavy lifting,
but his implements cannot fold or flee
under pressure.
And that is what he uses to go
about choosing people.
And even in choosing two extraordinarily
brave, courageous,
competent individuals in Moshe and Dowd,
both of them folded.
Now, they both came back.
They both went back.
It was explained to them what their role
was and where it would lead.
They both came back.
They both finished the job.
And so they both proved that they were
worthy of Yahowah's choice to work with
them.
You know,
we're now in a period of time where
that just is no longer an option.
We need to finish the job.
uh, we can't back down, uh,
and we're going to do so.
Uh,
and it's the most difficult job in the
history of the world.
Uh,
it's the least popular and you can tell,
you know, I can make, uh,
thirty thousand posts on X and have, uh,
two thousand, um, followers.
That's just the nature of it.
Uh,
telling people the truth does not make you
popular.
It makes you an enemy of most people.
Uh,
denouncing Christianity, Islam, Judaism.
It's not the way to win friends and
influence people unless your purpose is to
simply convey Yahowah's testimony and pick
fights that he picks and support his
agenda.
But it is highly unpopular to do so.
So Yahowah picks men and women who are
battle-tested.
I'm going to up the lights here a
little bit because we didn't turn them
back up from last night.
And I think it probably will work better
for this program if we get them a
little brighter.
So anyway, God...
Picks individual men and women who are
battle tested, who have faced adversity,
who without crumbling will finish the job,
who have fallen and gotten back up,
who have made mistakes and shown that they
can learn from them,
who have experienced failure and had their
character forged in those fires,
have grown past their obstacles that may
have tripped them up along the way.
So they've cleared the way of them.
So others won't trip on them.
and that makes them all the better
prepared.
So,
long as one of the lessons learned along
the way was to never trust human
institutions,
such souls are ripe for the choosing,
especially if he or she is ready to
rely on the Almighty.
He or she can then be groomed to
serve as a useful intermediary and an
implementer.
You know, there are
many of them that make all of what
you are hearing here possible,
that are responsible for everything that
is part of this program,
as part of the Yahowah vlog and our
social media outreach and all of the
invitations that are now created by the
Yahowah Music Group to invite people from
around the world to participate in God's
covenant.
So second,
Yahowah empowers and enlightens his people
such that they can more effectively
represent him.
He's bold, he's confident,
he's courageous, and they must be too.
And he protects those who engage with him
so that they're able to accomplish the
mission.
They're going to have many enemies and God
must provide them.
Therefore, protection for them.
Now third, God's testimony.
The more you study it,
the more confident you become.
I'm sure you can tell that just in
the nature of the books that I have
written and these blogs that we have done.
So not only does God prove his existence
and his inspiration through the Towrah and
prophets,
but he also shares examples of what he
and others have achieved previously.
So recognizing what Yahowah enabled through
Abraham, through Yitschaq and Ya'aqob,
Moshe and Dowd, even Deborah and Gideon.
Well, they inspire us.
They also encourage added conviction and
confidence.
The key, of course,
is being willing to listen and to learn
while remaining reliant.
We see these traits reflected brilliantly.
throughout Dowd's life in lyrics with just
one rather profound interruption,
but even in it,
he grew from it and ultimately grew closer
to God, having overcome it.
Now,
having been chosen at eight years of age,
he had already unceremoniously
distinguished himself by fighting lions
and bears to protect his flock.
You know, as a young boy,
eight years old, doing so,
he was demonstrating his character.
And thereafter,
Dowd became emphatic because his life was
so tumultuous,
replete with the highest of highs and the
lowest of lows.
His journey in concert with his Mizmowr
and the Mashal,
particularly his nineteenth and a hundred
and nineteenth songs, well,
served as preparation for the many
essential roles that he would play in our
lives.
It is what made Dowd God's Gibowr,
his most confident and capable of men.
It is what made it possible for the
Bakowr, the firstborn of Yahowah,
to be the Zarowa, the sacrificial lamb,
and to do so without flinching.
Therefore,
rather than being the source of
depression, rejection and failure,
it can be a training ground.
So depression, when you recover from it,
isn't about rejection.
There was one of our favorite covenant
members that wrote that he was not defined
by his past, but refined by it.
So not defined, but refined.
I think this is also true of Dowd's
life, as well as my own,
as well as most people who have taken
a risk,
have been struck down and gotten back up.
Any kind of risk like this can have
its reward.
It all comes down to our attitude and
our reliance.
With these words, Dowd has affirmed,
of course,
something that we have long known but have
struggled to convey in a way that, well,
that most others seem to appreciate.
Effective liars switch are such that they
would match particularly the
aforementioned trio of Paul, Akiba,
and Muhammad.
always weave truths,
at least strands of truth,
throughout their lives such that their
deceptions appear credible,
at least to those without good judgment.
There is no lie that has ever been
believed that is purely dishonest.
There's no credibility in it.
As I said,
the only reason that Islam exists today is
that Muhammad,
who was just an illiterate thug,
a head of a criminal organization that
robbed other people and engaged in human
trafficking and terror,
he bought
Talmud readings from the rabbis,
and he wove twisted versions of those into
his Quranic tales such that it now has
a veneer of religiosity covering the
genocidal claims to wipe out the human
race.
You know, Paul, when he wrote the first
Fourteen books of the Christian New
Testament incorporated a great deal of
what Yahowah had to say,
even though he never mentioned him by
name,
and even though everything he said was
twisted and perverted and inaccurately
cited,
but still you had little strands of truth
woven through the lies.
That is how frauds become effective.
That's how a counterfeit bill is written.
And a counterfeit bill has ninety nine
point nine nine percent accurate strokes.
But those few that define it as
counterfeit make it actually a liability.
So no matter how magnificent a fraud
looks,
no matter how delightful it may smell,
how delectable it may taste,
how satisfying it seems or how much of
it there is, poison is always toxic.
It is no less deadly when placed within
an apple pie than it would be when
sprinkled on a cow patty.
Other than we'd all be more susceptible if
served a la mode than we would on
a cow patty,
the fact of the matter is,
They're equally toxic.
Lies presented in the midst of what
believers consider scripture is akin to
placing them within a pie.
A counterfeit bill is worthless.
In fact, it's illegal.
And yet the best of them is ninety
nine point nine nine percent accurate.
More.
The more consistent they are within with
the genuine article,
the more effective the fraud is.
such that the underlying deception
underpinning every religion mimics this
exact theme.
It is how Satan went about fooling Chawah
in the Garden of Eden,
twisting Yahowah's message by adding his
own spin.
While their additions were far more
prevalent and the spin was far more
disorienting,
it was the same strategy that was deployed
by Paul and Akiba as well as Muhammad.
to make their mumblings appear divine.
Now, since their lives were plentiful,
obvious,
those who knew these psychopaths best,
those who listened to them in person,
saw Paul, Akiba,
and Muhammad as self-serving,
even mean-spirited frauds.
Read their texts.
If you read Paul's letters to the
Galatians, to the Corinthians,
and to the Thessalonians,
the first thing that will strike you is
that they all rejected Paul once he left.
They recognized he was crazy and what he
was saying was untrue.
And Paul was upset that they would turn
on him.
That's the nature of it.
You turn to the Quran and the single
most prevalent reoccurring theme is those
who actually knew Muhammad and listened to
him personally all recognized that he was
nothing but a fraud, demon possessed,
a madman that was vicious.
you look at Rabbi Akiba.
Those again in his time knew that he
was a charlatan.
So each of these men blamed their fellow
Jews rather than their lack of character
or their irrational rhetoric as the reason
that they were being rejected.
Well, damn the torpedoes.
They remained recalcitrant.
Now,
Akiba was a special case in this regard.
According to Rabbi Alan Mahler's
interpretation of the Talmud,
this would be Yevonot, a sixty-two B,
tens of thousands of Jewish boys joined
Akiba's private army,
all to fight the Romans based upon the
promises that Bar Kokhba was actually the
Messiah.
Imagine that.
The founder of rabbinic Judaism lied about
the Messiah.
And he brought the wrath of Rome on
Yahuwdah.
He caused the diaspora,
which led to the Holocaust.
And he's the founder of your religion.
That is really dumb for smart people.
However,
some twelve thousand of those who were not
stricken by the Romans died from a strange
disease.
Then Akiba's pacifist students started,
well,
they just started dropping like flies.
At the time, Akiba was against the ropes.
Rabbi Yohanan Ben-Torta openly challenged
Akiba's pronouncements regarding Bar
Kokhba's legitimacy and thus Akiba's
credibility.
Also troubling,
the epidemic was otherworldly when it
began spreading during Hanukkah.
Those who would defend the father of
Judaism found their tongues turning a
bright blue and swelling.
preventing them from even talking.
Death followed, such that by Passover,
many hundreds were dying each day.
So according to Rabbi Mahler,
the father of the diaspora,
a father of rabbinic Judaism,
claimed that his yeshiva students were
dying because they did not show sufficient
respect for those whose preference was to
die being hacked to death by the Romans.
Then when boys in Akiba's private army
started dying from blue tongue,
their deaths were blamed on
insubordination.
So rather than show sympathy for those he
had lured to their deaths by lying to
them about Yahowah's Messiah,
the deaths of twenty-four thousand young
men were blamed on the victims.
They were said to have lacked respect
with the inference that it was G-D who
killed them.
The aforementioned rabbi,
Yohanan ben Torta,
who thought they were dying due to Akiba's
messianic delusions,
made his famous declaration at the time
saying, Akiba,
grass will come up between your cheeks and
still the son of David will not have
come.
Talmud, Yerushalami, Tanat, four, eight,
forward slash, twenty-seven.
Once men like Akiba headed down their road
to oblivion with Satan as their guide,
there was no turning back and no hope
of salvation.
The lemmings who would follow them and
still follow them all the way through
today's Orthodox Judaism,
the ones wearing mourning clothes dressed
in black,
They would all fall off the cliff and
they would forfeit reason.
And they would believe that God somehow
preferred their death and their miserable
lives, their suffering,
as if it were the will of God
to negate their free will.
Now,
these three men were among the least godly
in human history.
Their legacy is one of deceit,
of destruction,
of oppression and widespread death.
And yet they're the fathers of the three
Abrahamic religions.
Something to think about how easily people
are fooled.
Don't you think?
From the beginning,
this Mizmowr and the one which preceded it
has spoken critically of such scandalous
souls.
Therefore, among the three,
we can either accept the fact that Sha'uwl
has already been identified as the
principal adversary,
or we can consider the nature of the
rebuke to determine that the others are
also an adroit fit.
It's either all three of them or that
Sha'uwl Paul stands out above the rest or
below the rest, as the case may be.
That said, more than anyone,
Paul's spoken and written testimony
contradicts God's witness.
It was Paul who sought to negate what
Yahowah has done and said on our behalf
by taking what God revealed completely out
of context,
twisting his words and misrepresenting
them.
to infer the opposite of what he actually
said.
That's Paul's principle technique.
That's the basis of the five volumes I've
written on twistianity.
I simply compare what Paul said and
concluded based upon his twisted errant
citations with what God actually said,
accurately translated in context.
And it's obvious that Paul lied and that
therefore Christianity is based on a pile
of lies.
So this continues throughout time.
His way endures,
replete with twisted perversions as He
dances about, causing anguishing torment.
Your means to exercise good judgment and
justly resolve disputes are elevated high
above and beyond that which is before Him
and what is conspicuous in His sight.
With all of his troubles and his
adversity,
he becomes nothing more than a loudmouth,
blowhard, regarding all of them.
Mizmowr
lyrics to sing Psalms Ten-Five.
So while this was written of a single
charlatan,
all three candidates were thin-skinned,
always ready to demean their adversaries.
Akiba and Muhammad silenced their foes in
murderous fashion,
while Paul was the most condescending.
and belligerent.
The tone of Paul's letters is that of
a vicious conman with an acerbic
personality and an irritating ego.
His grasp on reality was, of course,
tenuous.
His arguments were littered with all
manner of rational fallacies.
I'm not sure he ever met one that
he didn't incorporate into his letters.
He never once accurately quoted God,
that same God that he claimed to serve,
and yet he can't cite him accurately.
He can't even remember his name.
And every word that he wrote,
he has a contradiction for,
and he clearly annoyed the Almighty.
God said that he is the plague of
death,
six hundred and sixty-six years before
Paul would author his first book.
As a deficient speaker, a horrible writer,
and an irrational thinker,
And as an obvious fraud,
it took just the right circumstances at
the right moment in time for his misguided
rhetoric to take precedence over Yahowah's
Messiah and for Paul's religion to become
popular.
His twisted perversions endure largely
because they appealed to the egos and
xenophobia of Romans and of Greeks.
And
they were uh compatible with their
religious nomenclature and their myths
same lies and so by amalgamizing uh
amalgamating pagan lies like those of uh
of Dionysus in particular into his story
of his mythical Jesus uh Paul made it
um appealing
to Greeks and Romans.
He even incorporated the Kherites,
the Gratia,
to make them feel all warm and cozy.
So Paul made these Gentiles and the Roman
Catholics and the Orthodox Christians feel
good about despising Jews and their Towrah
God,
justifying their racial hatred while
assaging their propensity to subjugate
those they believed were inferior to them.
As Rome was brutalizing and enslaving
Jews,
Paul's ode to the Romans in the thirteenth
chapter of his book by the same name
was, of course, music to their ears.
The Romans and the Greeks to whom Paul's
lies appealed were similarly vicious and
egotistical,
equally devoted to imposing their will on
others, robbing them of their liberty,
their property, and their lives,
all in the name of their gods that
they had conceived in their own image.
They had no interest in Yahowah or his
covenant, his prophets and his Messiah,
his chosen people, Yisrael, Yahuwdah,
or anything Hebrew.
They had much in common with the man
who wooed them by telling them what they
wanted to hear.
And all of Paul's mind-numbing rhetoric,
verbose elaborations, grandiose claims,
and pervasive contradictions,
It is his perverted reasoning and twisted
citations which enable the informed and
rational to realize that there is nothing
about God and Paul's words.
His letters,
along with his mission as he told it
through Luke in the book of Acts,
were all about him and his inner demons.
In fact,
just as there was never any distinction
between Muhammad and Allah,
Paul screamed much more loudly than his
Christ.
And in the end,
he was nothing more than a loud mouth
blowhard bellowing on behalf of the
adversary.
Paul became the savior of the Christian
religion.
It's just nothing but a arrogant fraud.
When we read Dowd's Psalms and Sha'uwl's
letters,
it is immediately obvious that God's ways
were well beyond Paul's grasp.
There were no redeeming insights from the
Towrah, Nabi, wa Mizmowr
or to be found in his letters,
just negations of them.
And that may be the biggest failing of
all for the religious.
They not only accepted easily disproven
fallacies,
but the lies they have come to believe
were also deliberately placed so that they
conceal the truth.
That was the purpose of them.
Therefore,
they miss the majesty of Yahowah's message,
especially as conveyed by the rightful
Mashyach and Dowd.
By reading Paul's letters,
we know that he was an ill-tempered
advocate for the demon that he admitted
possessed him.
That's the conclusion of the second letter
to Corinthians.
His constant complaining about his
imagined hardships and the insults were
all concocted such that his mythical
sufferings would supersede what Yahowah and
Dowd did for us on Pesach,
Matsah and Bikuwrym.
That's among the most irritating aspects
of his persona.
Well, maybe not the most annoying,
because we still have to deal with his
irrational approach, his errant citations,
and his self-aggrandizing ego.
That's why the Tenth Mizmowr reads,
He has said through his reasoning,
I shall never be shaken.
I will never waver or falter throughout
the generations,
times and places such that I am never
in the wrong or consider the adversary.
I'm not distressed about being errant.
Psalm Ten-Six.
When considering Israel's most formidable
foes, Paul, Aqib and Muhammad,
While the apostle's reasoning was
fallacious,
the cognitive ability of Allah's messenger
was simply non-existent.
And in Paul's case,
to a greater extent than his speeches or
writing, which isn't saying much,
his foregoing self-assessment was at least
marginally accurate, albeit on one point.
While Sha'uwl died a miserable death,
alone and rejected,
His letters,
riddled as they were with contradictions
and inaccuracies,
were resurrected to serve as the basis of
the most popular religion in human
history, even to this day.
That is not to say that he deserves
such an infamous distinction.
The Romans who capitalized upon his words
were able to create a beast out of
them that would trample the world,
doing so for nearly one hundred
generations.
As for not being adversarial,
never being cast down and not being wrong,
well, not so much in his case.
The key to understanding Muhammad Allah
and the Quran is also in this
pronouncement.
The adversary who possessed and inspired
him needed to shrink his, or shirk,
I should say, his ha-Satan distinction.
That's one of the things that people miss
about Satan.
They think that if it's satanic,
that it's got to be in a seance
or some kind of an occult setting.
Satan never wants to be known or
worshipped as Satan.
So if you think that to be satanic,
you'd have to worship Satan openly as
Satan, you'd be completely deceived.
Satan hates his adversary distinction.
He wants to be known as the Lord
God.
And for that to be the case,
he must shirk it.
He must disown, disavow ha-Satan,
the Satan title.
So what you see is Satan to become
the Lord God of religion, Jesus Christ,
Allah, Hashem,
he has to denounce his ha-Satan,
his adversary distinction.
So when we see someone who is so
obviously speaking for Satan,
claiming that he will never be seen as
the adversary,
we are witnessing Satan action.
Satan is seeking to conceal his true
identity,
which is the only way that he can
be seen and worshiped as God.
And that's central to his agenda.
Read the fourteenth chapter of Isaiah.
So Yahowah, through Dowd,
has said and done more than enough for
even the most pea-brained human to
ascertain the ugly truth about Sha'uwl Paul,
the principal character, actor,
and writer of the Christian New Testament.
And he isn't done excoriating him.
And this is important to Dowd because it
was Paul that stole Dowd.
Dowd's title, Messiah,
Dowd's acumen with God, son of God,
Dowd's work as our savior.
It was Dowd who was crucified,
not the mythical Jesus.
All of this was stolen by Paul to
create the myth of Christianity.
This means a lot to Dowd,
and that's why it reads,
His mouth is filled with an abundance of
vile insults and injurious curses,
invoking divine retribution.
In addition,
he deliberately misleads using deceitful
deceptions and guile,
along with distressful spoken statements,
which create a state of oppression.
He does all of this to control others.
It is a consequence of his nauseatingly
evil and corrupting tongue.
Tell us what you really think, Dowd, huh?
Well, I don't blame him.
When you consider the fact that Dowd is
the Messiah, is the son of God,
he is the chosen one,
and he is our savior.
He is the returning king.
He is the one who suffered crucifixion to
fulfill Pesach,
who is the one who took our guilt
into Sheowl on Matsah.
He is the firstborn of God who fulfilled
Bikuwrym.
And he wrote all about this,
and he endured all of this,
only to have Paul lie about all of
it, steal it from him,
give it to a goddamn myth,
And to have more people believe the lie
by a million to one than recognize Dowd
for having done so.
I agree with him.
It's reprehensible.
It's appalling.
So this is Dowd's appraisal of Sha'uwl Paul.
And he's right.
The stones of aspersion that he has cast
from his sling.
The brightest mind,
the most articulate writer,
the most beloved and acclaimed prophet of
God did not mince words in his
condemnation of this man who sought to rob
him and then to bury him.
And should you believe that God's ongoing
denunciation isn't directed at Paul,
then I encourage you to search the annals
of human history and you find someone else
who has had a longer or more extensive
negative influence on Dowd's reputation or
his people.
and who has done so in the manner
herein described.
And when we recognize how caustic
Christianity has been to Jews over the
millennia,
it becomes even harder to ignore the
principal author of the Christian New
Testament.
Worse yet,
Akiba foisted his false messiah on
his people in response to what Paul had
done by robbing Dowd,
thereby creating Judaism and causing the
Diaspora all to counter Sha'uwl's influence.
Put it all together and the identity of
this deplorable individual is patently
obvious.
Should you be uncertain?
I will read the five volumes of
Christianity or do what I've done,
systematically contrast Yahowah's testimony
with Paul's.
I will demonstrate that Sha'uwl's mouth was
filled with an abundance of vile insults
and injurious statements,
and that he deliberately misled believers
by perpetrating an outright fraud,
putting the faithful in opposition to God
by corrupting Yahowah's Towrah,
his teaching,
by
misappropriating everything Dowd had done
for the covenant and for the family.
Throughout time,
those who have insulted God with their
arrogant claims have treated divine
retribution on anyone who,
they've threatened it to anyone,
anyone who didn't capitulate.
Paul was simply as aggressive at this as
was Akiba and Muhammad.
Uh,
Almost as good as Donald Trump.
Foremost among them,
I think today is Trump.
But Paul was exceedingly astute at
renouncing anyone who would challenge him,
demeaning them, demonizing them.
It's just like we witness in Donald Trump
today.
It's Satan's hallmark.
This would be followed by the Romans he
influenced, of course,
and that he empowered.
His false narratives have done more harm
to Jews than has ever been done to
them in the whole of time.
Further, unlike Muhammad or Akiba,
Paul didn't, did it all with words,
with a deliberately duplicitous tongue.
Muhammad did it mostly with swords.
Now, should you have wondered,
If Sha'uwl knew he was lying or if
he was simply misled by Satan,
God has answered that question.
Paul purposefully and knowingly led
billions of souls away from God,
robbing Jews and Gentiles alike of any
hope of salvation.
The most compassionate among us despise
him.
and Christianity and its New Testament as
a result.
Sha'uwl, like the one who possessed him,
Satan, was crafty.
Once his letters were accepted as
scripture, even from the grave,
Paul was positioned to ambush the
unsuspecting with his snare right out in
the open and in plain sight,
which is why God said of him,
he lurks in ambush
openly in the courtyards of communities,
while the central figure is not easily
recognized or openly forthcoming as he
kills for stalling the lives of the
innocent.
His slights are set on the unfortunate
victims.
under laying them uh way laying them
ambushing them and crippling them while
concealing his intent. Mizmowr lyrics to
sing Psalm Ten-Eight and we'll return to
this statement as we proceed with this
analysis tomorrow but understand that what
it's saying is what I have been saying
that those who speak for Satan and Satan
do not lurk in the shadows.
They are not as they are perceived
religiously.
They're the ones right out in the open.
The churches are on town squares of the
tallest buildings and many cities.
Satan hides right out in the open.
He hides
and the symbolism and in the pews and
in the words of the church,
of the mosque, of the synagogue.
He is the central figure of religion.
They're established in the biggest
buildings with the biggest words.
That's where he is.
He lurks in ambush.
He is not the one who is lurking
in the shadows as Satan.
No, he is the Lord God of religion.
He's openly out in the courtyards of
communities, right out in the open,
perpetrating his crime in public,
in the towns and cities,
blowing his horn as part of the orchestra
that he has carefully concealed.
And so while the central figure,
he is not easily recognized or openly
forthcoming.
Satan doesn't say, I am Jesus Christ.
He doesn't say, I'm Hashem.
Satan doesn't say, I'm Allah.
Well, he comes pretty close to it.
But that's the fact.
He is God.
He's not commonly acknowledged or held
accountable for his leading role because
he wants to conceal his identity and his
motive.
And that's how he kills,
stalling people's lives,
particularly of the innocent.
His sights are set on victims,
the hapless ones who are easily harmed.
And he waylays them.
identifies his culprits and he destroys
them.
He causes them to believe all manner of
lies.
And that is the nature.
of religion and how Satan uses them.
And so this is where we'll return and
our return to the Ocean Studio tomorrow.
I'm glad we're able to be here again
today.
It's a beautiful,
glorious day here in the Caribbean Sea.
As I say,
we're going to do a blog on the
blog.
It's going to have a hilarious new
introduction, an intro by Wookie.
So looking forward to doing that.
Wookie, you've got your voice up?
Yep.
I've seen the Wookie is looking at me
now from
around the corner.
We'll get that done.
And, you know,
maybe we'll get to another installment on
the final word picture as we're making our
way through the hundred and sixteenth
Mizmowr there.
So I thank you for listening.
Looking forward to being with you.
And just a little while later today.
Goodbye.